For data obtained from ZJX_Central.csv:

Model Status:
Termination status: Optimal
Best objective value: 256.0
Elapsed wall-clock time: 0.11899995803833008 seconds
Optimality gap at termination: 0.0%

Shift_Distribution_Problem_results:
from 1th period 41th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 27th period 67th period, 4 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 32th period 72th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 36th period 76th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 37th period 77th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 41th period 81th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 43th period 83th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 52th period 92th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 60th period 100th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 71th period 111th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 72th period 112th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 76th period 116th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 77th period 117th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 103th period 143th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 117th period 157th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 124th period 164th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 126th period 166th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 127th period 167th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 128th period 168th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 130th period 170th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 135th period 175th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 138th period 178th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 139th period 179th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 140th period 180th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 150th period 190th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 164th period 204th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 166th period 206th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 167th period 207th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 174th period 214th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 214th period 254th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 220th period 260th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 222th period 262th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 223th period 263th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 227th period 267th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 232th period 272th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 233th period 273th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 234th period 274th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 263th period 303th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 264th period 304th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 270th period 310th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 273th period 313th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 313th period 353th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 316th period 356th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 317th period 357th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 318th period 358th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 319th period 359th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 320th period 360th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 327th period 367th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 331th period 371th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 337th period 377th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 358th period 398th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 359th period 399th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 360th period 400th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 361th period 401th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 362th period 402th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 402th period 442th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 413th period 453th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 415th period 455th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 419th period 459th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 422th period 462th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 426th period 466th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 427th period 467th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 434th period 474th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 443th period 483th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 444th period 484th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 456th period 496th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 496th period 536th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 506th period 546th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 510th period 550th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 514th period 554th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 515th period 555th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 519th period 559th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 524th period 564th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 528th period 568th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 549th period 589th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 550th period 590th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 555th period 595th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 559th period 599th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 599th period 639th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 604th period 644th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 606th period 646th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 607th period 647th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 614th period 654th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 618th period 658th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 623th period 663th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 624th period 664th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 646th period 686th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 647th period 687th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 654th period 694th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 694th period 734th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 699th period 739th period, 4 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 704th period 744th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 708th period 748th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 709th period 749th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 712th period 752th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 715th period 755th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 732th period 772th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 739th period 779th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 743th period 783th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 744th period 784th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 748th period 788th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 749th period 789th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 787th period 827th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 789th period 829th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 796th period 836th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 798th period 838th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 799th period 839th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 800th period 840th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 802th period 842th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 807th period 847th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 810th period 850th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 811th period 851th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 812th period 852th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 822th period 862th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 836th period 876th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 838th period 878th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 839th period 879th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 846th period 886th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 886th period 926th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 892th period 932th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 894th period 934th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 895th period 935th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 899th period 939th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 904th period 944th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 905th period 945th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 906th period 946th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 935th period 975th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 936th period 976th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 942th period 982th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 945th period 985th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 985th period 1025th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 988th period 1028th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 989th period 1029th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 990th period 1030th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 991th period 1031th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 992th period 1032th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 999th period 1039th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1003th period 1043th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1009th period 1049th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1030th period 1070th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1031th period 1071th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1032th period 1072th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1033th period 1073th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1034th period 1074th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1074th period 1114th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1085th period 1125th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1087th period 1127th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1091th period 1131th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1098th period 1138th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1099th period 1139th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1106th period 1146th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1113th period 1153th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1116th period 1156th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1128th period 1168th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1168th period 1208th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1178th period 1218th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1182th period 1222th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1185th period 1225th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1186th period 1226th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1189th period 1229th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1196th period 1236th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1200th period 1240th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1205th period 1245th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1221th period 1261th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1222th period 1262th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1261th period 1301th period, 7 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1262th period 1302th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1273th period 1313th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1288th period 1328th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1291th period 1331th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1300th period 1340th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1302th period 1342th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1305th period 1345th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed


--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--

For data obtained from ZJX_East.csv:

Model Status:
Termination status: Optimal
Best objective value: 274.0
Elapsed wall-clock time: 0.12899994850158691 seconds
Optimality gap at termination: 0.0%

Shift_Distribution_Problem_results:
from 1th period 41th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 25th period 65th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 26th period 66th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 30th period 70th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 32th period 72th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 34th period 74th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 40th period 80th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 42th period 82th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 65th period 105th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 66th period 106th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 74th period 114th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 76th period 116th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 116th period 156th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 121th period 161th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 122th period 162th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 125th period 165th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 128th period 168th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 135th period 175th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 137th period 177th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 149th period 189th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 158th period 198th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 162th period 202th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 163th period 203th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 177th period 217th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 178th period 218th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 217th period 257th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 218th period 258th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 220th period 260th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 224th period 264th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 225th period 265th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 233th period 273th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 234th period 274th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 236th period 276th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 252th period 292th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 260th period 300th period, 4 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 273th period 313th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 310th period 350th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 311th period 351th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 312th period 352th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 313th period 353th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 315th period 355th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 317th period 357th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 318th period 358th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 325th period 365th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 330th period 370th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 335th period 375th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 351th period 391th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 352th period 392th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 356th period 396th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 357th period 397th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 359th period 399th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 399th period 439th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 405th period 445th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 406th period 446th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 408th period 448th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 409th period 449th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 412th period 452th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 417th period 457th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 424th period 464th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 427th period 467th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 446th period 486th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 449th period 489th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 457th period 497th period, 4 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 497th period 537th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 501th period 541th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 502th period 542th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 504th period 544th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 506th period 546th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 509th period 549th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 511th period 551th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 513th period 553th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 526th period 566th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 542th period 582th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 544th period 584th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 546th period 586th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 547th period 587th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 551th period 591th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 591th period 631th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 597th period 637th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 598th period 638th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 599th period 639th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 602th period 642th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 603th period 643th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 607th period 647th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 612th period 652th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 615th period 655th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 639th period 679th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 640th period 680th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 642th period 682th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 647th period 687th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 648th period 688th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 649th period 689th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 652th period 692th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 692th period 732th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 697th period 737th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 698th period 738th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 702th period 742th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 704th period 744th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 706th period 746th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 712th period 752th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 714th period 754th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 737th period 777th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 738th period 778th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 746th period 786th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 748th period 788th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 788th period 828th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 793th period 833th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 794th period 834th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 797th period 837th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 800th period 840th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 807th period 847th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 809th period 849th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 821th period 861th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 830th period 870th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 834th period 874th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 835th period 875th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 849th period 889th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 850th period 890th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 889th period 929th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 890th period 930th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 892th period 932th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 896th period 936th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 897th period 937th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 905th period 945th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 906th period 946th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 908th period 948th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 924th period 964th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 932th period 972th period, 4 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 945th period 985th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 982th period 1022th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 983th period 1023th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 984th period 1024th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 985th period 1025th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 987th period 1027th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 989th period 1029th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 990th period 1030th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 997th period 1037th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1002th period 1042th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1007th period 1047th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1023th period 1063th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1024th period 1064th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1028th period 1068th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1029th period 1069th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1031th period 1071th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1064th period 1104th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1077th period 1117th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1078th period 1118th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1080th period 1120th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1081th period 1121th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1084th period 1124th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1089th period 1129th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1096th period 1136th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1098th period 1138th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1118th period 1158th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1121th period 1161th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1129th period 1169th period, 4 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1169th period 1209th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1173th period 1213th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1174th period 1214th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1176th period 1216th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1178th period 1218th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1181th period 1221th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1183th period 1223th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1185th period 1225th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1198th period 1238th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1210th period 1250th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1214th period 1254th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1216th period 1256th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1218th period 1258th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1219th period 1259th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1223th period 1263th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1259th period 1299th period, 6 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1263th period 1303th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1275th period 1315th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1283th period 1323th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1287th period 1327th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1288th period 1328th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1289th period 1329th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1297th period 1337th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1298th period 1338th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1299th period 1339th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1300th period 1340th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1305th period 1345th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed


--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--

For data obtained from ZJX_North.csv:

Model Status:
Termination status: Optimal
Best objective value: 269.0
Elapsed wall-clock time: 0.12800002098083496 seconds
Optimality gap at termination: 0.0%

Shift_Distribution_Problem_results:
from 1th period 41th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 25th period 65th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 26th period 66th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 28th period 68th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 30th period 70th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 31th period 71th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 33th period 73th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 37th period 77th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 38th period 78th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 40th period 80th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 42th period 82th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 53th period 93th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 68th period 108th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 80th period 120th period, 4 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 82th period 122th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 122th period 162th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 123th period 163th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 128th period 168th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 133th period 173th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 136th period 176th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 137th period 177th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 140th period 180th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 142th period 182th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 150th period 190th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 163th period 203th period, 4 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 203th period 243th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 219th period 259th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 221th period 261th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 223th period 263th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 224th period 264th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 225th period 265th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 229th period 269th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 232th period 272th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 239th period 279th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 264th period 304th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 265th period 305th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 272th period 312th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 273th period 313th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 313th period 353th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 316th period 356th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 318th period 358th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 320th period 360th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 321th period 361th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 327th period 367th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 328th period 368th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 337th period 377th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 348th period 388th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 360th period 400th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 363th period 403th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 368th period 408th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 370th period 410th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 409th period 449th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 410th period 450th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 413th period 453th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 416th period 456th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 420th period 460th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 421th period 461th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 423th period 463th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 453th period 493th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 456th period 496th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 457th period 497th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 461th period 501th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 464th period 504th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 503th period 543th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 504th period 544th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 507th period 547th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 508th period 548th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 509th period 549th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 510th period 550th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 512th period 552th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 514th period 554th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 517th period 557th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 519th period 559th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 526th period 566th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 529th period 569th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 549th period 589th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 550th period 590th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 554th period 594th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 594th period 634th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 601th period 641th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 603th period 643th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 604th period 644th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 605th period 645th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 606th period 646th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 612th period 652th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 617th period 657th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 618th period 658th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 619th period 659th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 644th period 684th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 645th period 685th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 647th period 687th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 659th period 699th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 697th period 737th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 698th period 738th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 699th period 739th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 700th period 740th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 702th period 742th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 703th period 743th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 705th period 745th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 709th period 749th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 710th period 750th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 712th period 752th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 725th period 765th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 740th period 780th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 752th period 792th period, 4 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 792th period 832th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 795th period 835th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 800th period 840th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 805th period 845th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 808th period 848th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 809th period 849th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 812th period 852th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 814th period 854th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 822th period 862th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 835th period 875th period, 4 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 875th period 915th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 891th period 931th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 893th period 933th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 895th period 935th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 896th period 936th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 897th period 937th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 901th period 941th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 904th period 944th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 911th period 951th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 936th period 976th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 937th period 977th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 944th period 984th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 945th period 985th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 985th period 1025th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 988th period 1028th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 990th period 1030th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 992th period 1032th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 993th period 1033th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 999th period 1039th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1000th period 1040th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1009th period 1049th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1020th period 1060th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1032th period 1072th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1035th period 1075th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1040th period 1080th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1042th period 1082th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1081th period 1121th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1082th period 1122th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1085th period 1125th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1088th period 1128th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1092th period 1132th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1093th period 1133th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1095th period 1135th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1125th period 1165th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1128th period 1168th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1129th period 1169th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1133th period 1173th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1136th period 1176th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1175th period 1215th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1176th period 1216th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1179th period 1219th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1180th period 1220th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1181th period 1221th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1182th period 1222th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1184th period 1224th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1189th period 1229th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1195th period 1235th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1201th period 1241th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1221th period 1261th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1222th period 1262th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1223th period 1263th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1261th period 1301th period, 7 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1263th period 1303th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1280th period 1320th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1282th period 1322th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1284th period 1324th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1292th period 1332th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1293th period 1333th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1300th period 1340th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1301th period 1341th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1303th period 1343th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1304th period 1344th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1305th period 1345th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed


--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--

For data obtained from ZJX_South.csv:

Model Status:
Termination status: Optimal
Best objective value: 276.0
Elapsed wall-clock time: 0.14399981498718262 seconds
Optimality gap at termination: 0.0%

Shift_Distribution_Problem_results:
from 1th period 41th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 27th period 67th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 28th period 68th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 31th period 71th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 33th period 73th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 34th period 74th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 36th period 76th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 41th period 81th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 46th period 86th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 50th period 90th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 70th period 110th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 71th period 111th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 74th period 114th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 76th period 116th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 81th period 121th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 121th period 161th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 125th period 165th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 126th period 166th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 130th period 170th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 131th period 171th period, 4 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 132th period 172th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 147th period 187th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 167th period 207th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 171th period 211th period, 4 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 174th period 214th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 211th period 251th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 218th period 258th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 219th period 259th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 220th period 260th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 223th period 263th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 224th period 264th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 225th period 265th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 227th period 267th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 235th period 275th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 236th period 276th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 260th period 300th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 261th period 301th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 267th period 307th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 268th period 308th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 269th period 309th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 309th period 349th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 314th period 354th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 315th period 355th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 316th period 356th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 318th period 358th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 319th period 359th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 322th period 362th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 330th period 370th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 334th period 374th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 335th period 375th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 339th period 379th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 356th period 396th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 358th period 398th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 360th period 400th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 365th period 405th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 366th period 406th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 406th period 446th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 410th period 450th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 412th period 452th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 413th period 453th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 414th period 454th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 415th period 455th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 416th period 456th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 419th period 459th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 447th period 487th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 450th period 490th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 454th period 494th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 455th period 495th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 459th period 499th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 499th period 539th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 505th period 545th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 506th period 546th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 508th period 548th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 514th period 554th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 515th period 555th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 516th period 556th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 528th period 568th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 545th period 585th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 548th period 588th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 550th period 590th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 555th period 595th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 556th period 596th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 596th period 636th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 601th period 641th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 602th period 642th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 604th period 644th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 606th period 646th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 607th period 647th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 608th period 648th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 612th period 652th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 643th period 683th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 646th period 686th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 647th period 687th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 648th period 688th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 652th period 692th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 653th period 693th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 654th period 694th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 694th period 734th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 698th period 738th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 699th period 739th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 700th period 740th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 703th period 743th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 705th period 745th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 706th period 746th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 708th period 748th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 718th period 758th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 722th period 762th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 739th period 779th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 742th period 782th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 743th period 783th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 746th period 786th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 748th period 788th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 788th period 828th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 793th period 833th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 797th period 837th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 798th period 838th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 802th period 842th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 803th period 843th period, 4 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 804th period 844th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 819th period 859th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 839th period 879th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 843th period 883th period, 4 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 846th period 886th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 884th period 924th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 890th period 930th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 891th period 931th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 892th period 932th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 895th period 935th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 896th period 936th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 897th period 937th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 899th period 939th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 907th period 947th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 908th period 948th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 932th period 972th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 933th period 973th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 939th period 979th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 940th period 980th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 941th period 981th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 981th period 1021th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 986th period 1026th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 987th period 1027th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 988th period 1028th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 990th period 1030th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 991th period 1031th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 994th period 1034th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1002th period 1042th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1006th period 1046th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1007th period 1047th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1011th period 1051th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1028th period 1068th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1030th period 1070th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1032th period 1072th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1037th period 1077th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1038th period 1078th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1078th period 1118th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1082th period 1122th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1084th period 1124th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1085th period 1125th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1086th period 1126th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1087th period 1127th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1088th period 1128th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1091th period 1131th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1119th period 1159th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1122th period 1162th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1126th period 1166th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1127th period 1167th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1131th period 1171th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1171th period 1211th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1177th period 1217th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1178th period 1218th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1180th period 1220th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1185th period 1225th period, 4 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1200th period 1240th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1217th period 1257th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1220th period 1260th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1222th period 1262th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1225th period 1265th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1261th period 1301th period, 9 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1265th period 1305th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1287th period 1327th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1289th period 1329th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1293th period 1333th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1294th period 1334th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1301th period 1341th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1302th period 1342th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1303th period 1343th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1305th period 1345th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed


--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--

For data obtained from ZJX_West.csv:

Model Status:
Termination status: Optimal
Best objective value: 185.0
Elapsed wall-clock time: 0.13900017738342285 seconds
Optimality gap at termination: 0.0%

Shift_Distribution_Problem_results:
from 1th period 41th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 12th period 52th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 27th period 67th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 34th period 74th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 41th period 81th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 42th period 82th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 63th period 103th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 64th period 104th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 65th period 105th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 79th period 119th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 82th period 122th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 119th period 159th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 122th period 162th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 130th period 170th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 131th period 171th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 135th period 175th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 139th period 179th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 160th period 200th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 171th period 211th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 176th period 216th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 181th period 221th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 216th period 256th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 220th period 260th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 221th period 261th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 222th period 262th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 228th period 268th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 233th period 273th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 249th period 289th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 256th period 296th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 260th period 300th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 261th period 301th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 262th period 302th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 302th period 342th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 308th period 348th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 311th period 351th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 324th period 364th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 328th period 368th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 334th period 374th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 348th period 388th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 388th period 428th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 398th period 438th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 407th period 447th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 408th period 448th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 413th period 453th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 416th period 456th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 418th period 458th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 419th period 459th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 438th period 478th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 448th period 488th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 449th period 489th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 458th period 498th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 459th period 499th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 498th period 538th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 499th period 539th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 502th period 542th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 504th period 544th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 509th period 549th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 512th period 552th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 518th period 558th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 528th period 568th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 540th period 580th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 541th period 581th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 553th period 593th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 593th period 633th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 594th period 634th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 599th period 639th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 600th period 640th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 607th period 647th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 626th period 666th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 630th period 670th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 634th period 674th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 639th period 679th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 641th period 681th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 647th period 687th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 684th period 724th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 687th period 727th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 699th period 739th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 706th period 746th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 713th period 753th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 714th period 754th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 733th period 773th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 735th period 775th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 736th period 776th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 737th period 777th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 751th period 791th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 790th period 830th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 791th period 831th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 802th period 842th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 803th period 843th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 807th period 847th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 811th period 851th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 831th period 871th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 832th period 872th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 848th period 888th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 853th period 893th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 888th period 928th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 892th period 932th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 893th period 933th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 894th period 934th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 900th period 940th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 905th period 945th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 921th period 961th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 928th period 968th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 932th period 972th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 933th period 973th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 934th period 974th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 974th period 1014th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 980th period 1020th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 983th period 1023th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 996th period 1036th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1000th period 1040th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1006th period 1046th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1020th period 1060th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1055th period 1095th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1060th period 1100th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1079th period 1119th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1080th period 1120th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1085th period 1125th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1088th period 1128th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1090th period 1130th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1091th period 1131th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1094th period 1134th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1120th period 1160th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1121th period 1161th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1130th period 1170th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1131th period 1171th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1170th period 1210th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1171th period 1211th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1174th period 1214th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1176th period 1216th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1181th period 1221th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1184th period 1224th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1187th period 1227th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1200th period 1240th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1212th period 1252th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1213th period 1253th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1224th period 1264th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1244th period 1284th period, 3 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1258th period 1298th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1263th period 1303th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1277th period 1317th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1283th period 1323th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1284th period 1324th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1298th period 1338th period, 2 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1300th period 1340th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed
from 1305th period 1345th period, 1 count of 10-hour shift needed


--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--XX--

